= Top Level Domain Cookies

== Description

Top level domain cookie jar for Rails 3.

== Summary

When you are using subdomains with your Rails 3, sometimes you need to set the cookies on the top level domain. One option is set the default domain in config/initializers/session_store.rb.

    Rails.application.config.session_store :cookie_store, :key => '_app_name_session', :domain => :all

The other option is for all the cookies to be written on the current location (subdomain included) and specify cookies that need need to written on the top level domain individually.  This case is where this gem can be useful.

== Usage

+TopLevelDomainCookieJar+ is used in a very much like the +PermanentCookieJar+. It is a write only cookie jar. The cookies are accessed through the normal accessor.

Write a top level domain cookie:

    cookies.tld[:all_access_cookie] = "All subdomains can read this."

Read the cookie:

    cookies[:all_access_cookie] # All subdomains can read this.

You can chain the top level domain cookie jar:

    cookies.tld.signed[:tamper_proof_all_access_cookie] = "All subdomains can read this."
    cookies.signed[:tamper_proof_all_access_cookie] # All subdomains can read this.

== License

Copyright (c) 2011 Les Fletcher

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.